we gathered your celebrity friends
because I know to you that's more
important than the unfamous
oh sure yeah well we got them to read
some of your mean tweets some people
that have tweeted mean things about
Jimmy oh we've got a bunch of us we do
mean things about me all right so we're
gonna take you down a notch in a very
special edition of mean tweets Jimmy
Kimmel edition
[Applause]
Jimmy Kimmel needs a kick to his oh
happy birthday I thought I saw Jimmy
Kimmel at Home Depot turns out I was
just a sloppy dude with big dimples at
Jimmy Kimmel you are a jackass sucker
keep your mouth shut and do your little
TV show or get the out of our country
Jimmy Kimmel you represent everything I
hate about myself you bloated douche bag
I don't know how I got roped into this
bit but here we go
here you go for your birthday Jimmy some
named at euphoric underscore mania
rights is Jimmy Kimmel cross-eyed or
just ridiculously ugly stupid is stupid
just stupid Jimmy Kimmel go suck a girl
you dumb fat ass you got some haters do
Kimmel is a comedy god like a deformed
lame hideous God's such as ancient
Greece's have hepatitis is it happy the
god of hepatitis that's incense
yep Hephaestus for that ugly bozo is
still a god Jimmy you don't have
hepatitis at Jimmy Kimmel are you
kidding me with that flabby body what
the get to the gym man do you really
shave your pits scary Jimmy Kimmel is
that same fat kid from win Ben Stein's
and money who grew up to become that fat
kid from win Ben Stein's money that's I
don't I don't care for this fella
who wrote this hey Jimmy Kimmel have you
replaced his nose with it you have a
dead ringer for Dumbo you's a crazy sick
Jimmy Kimmel you still look like a
potato
now you're just a hairy potato so your
extra gross I disagree I think Jimmy
Kimmel looks like a slightly blue turd
Carson Daly but not as funny
slightly bloated this is gonna sound
fantastic but I freaked out Jimmy Jimmy
Kimball open your eyes your eyes look
like vaginas hashtag squinter I like
Jimmy Kimmel better when he was somewhat
fat skinny Jimmy there's no bueno here
Jimmy Kimmel go wrap your ballsack
around your neck and choke yourself to
death then put your head up your butt
there's nothing there's no nuance to
that Kanye West says Jimmy Kimmel put
yourself in my shoes oh no that means
you would have gotten too much good in
your life Kanye fat Jimmy Kimmel you're
a piece of your job is to pollute the
airwaves with your worthless bull off
you big giant turd I think this guy
follows me to $1,000,000 says your hair
is fake your boobs are fake and your
feet are small and your nose is made of
play-doh Jimmy Kimmel is not funny
neither is David Letterman I'd have to
go along with both of those at Jimmy
Kimmel your show blows Brown donkey
balls
go play with Howard Stern's you
Hollywood jobless fool happy birthday
Jimmy thanks for watching if you like
that subscribe to our YouTube channel
for all the latest videos and if you
didn't subscribe anyway it's free who
cares